Adjustments and reworking some layouts (#213)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/con_configuring-multiple-clouds.adoc

= Configuring multiple clouds

[role="_abstract"]

> You can configure multiple {OpenStack} clouds to target a single instance of {Project} ({ProjectShort}). When configuring multiple clouds, every cloud must send metrics and events on their own unique message bus topic. In the {ProjectShort} deployment, Smart Gateway instances listen on these topics in order to save information to the common data store. Ability to differentiate data from each of the deployed overcloud instances is done by filtering the metadata added by each of the Smart Gateway instances.

Reviewer: "Ability to differentiate data from each of the deployed overcloud instances is done by filtering the metadata added by each of the Smart Gateway instances."

This sentence is a little troublesome. 

My suggestion here is obvs not quite correct cos I don't know who the actor is at the start. But you might see what I'm getting at:
"[Component] filters the metadata that each of the Smart Gateway instances adds [to what? the message bus?] and uses the filtered metadata to differentiate data from each of the deployed overcloud instances."

Author: Data stored by the Smart Gateway in to the data storage domain, is filtered by using the metadata created by each of the Smart Gateways.

How about that instead?

Reviewer: +1 to that

> You can configure multiple {OpenStack} clouds to target a single instance of {Project} ({ProjectShort}). When configuring multiple clouds, every cloud must send metrics and events on their own unique message bus topic. In the {ProjectShort} deployment, Smart Gateway instances listen on these topics in order to save information to the common data store. Ability to differentiate data from each of the deployed overcloud instances is done by filtering the metadata added by each of the Smart Gateway instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure multiple {OpenStack} clouds to target a single instance of {Project} ({ProjectShort}). When configuring multiple clouds, every cloud must send metrics and events on their own unique message bus topic. In the {ProjectShort} deployment, Smart Gateway instances listen on these topics in order to save information to the common data store. Data that is stored by the Smart Gateway in the data storage domain is filtered by using the metadata created by each of the Smart Gateways.
```
